Kafka Kerberos and AuthZ (#79)
kudobuilder/frameworks: repository/kafka/docs/latest/security.md

## Authorization

The KUDO Kafka service supports Kafka’s ACL-based authorization system. To use Kafka’s ACLs, Kerberos authentication must be enabled as detailed above.

### Enable Authorization

#### Prerequisites

* Completion of Kerberos authentication above.

### Install the Service

Install the KUDO Kafka service with the following options in addition to your own (remember, Kerberos must be enabled):

```
kubectl kudo install kafka \
  --instance=kafka --namespace=kudo-kafka \
    -p ZOOKEEPER_URI=zk-zookeeper-0.zk-hs:2181,zk-zookeeper-1.zk-hs:2181,zk-zookeeper-2.zk-hs:2181 \
    -p BROKER_COUNT=3 \
    -p KERBEROS_ENABLED=true \
    -p KERBEROS_DEBUG=false \
    -p KERBEROS_PRIMARY=kafka\
    -p KERBEROS_REALM=LOCAL\
    -p KERBEROS_KEYTAB_SECRET="base64-kafka-keytab-secret"
    -p AUTHORIZATION_ENABLED=<true|false default false> \
    -p AUTHORIZATION_ALLOW_EVERYONE_IF_NO_ACL_FOUND=<true|false default false> \
    -p AUTHORIZATION_SUPER_USERS="User:User1"
```

> The format of the list is User:user1;User:user2;.... Using Kerberos authentication, the “user” value is the Kerberos primary. The Kafka brokers themselves are automatically designated as super users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the list is `User:user1;User:user2;...`. Using Kerberos authentication, the “user” value is the Kerberos primary. The Kafka brokers themselves are automatically designated as super users.
```

> >NOTE: It is possible to enable Authorization after initial installation, but the service may be unavailable during the transition. Additionally, Kafka clients may fail to function if they do not have the correct ACLs assigned to their principals. During the transition `AUTHORIZATION_ALLOW_EVERYONE_IF_NO_ACL_FOUND` can be set to `true` to prevent clients from being failing until their ACLs can be set correctly. After the transition, `AUTHORIZATION_ALLOW_EVERYONE_IF_NO_ACL_FOUND` should be reversed to `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It is possible to enable Authorization after initial installation but the service may become unavailable during the transition. Additionally, Kafka clients may fail to function if they do not have the correct ACLs assigned to their principals. During the transition `AUTHORIZATION_ALLOW_EVERYONE_IF_NO_ACL_FOUND` can be set to `true` to prevent clients from failing until their ACLs can be set correctly. After the transition, `AUTHORIZATION_ALLOW_EVERYONE_IF_NO_ACL_FOUND` should be reset back to `false`.
```
